.TH eus 1 "Apr/20/1989"
.SH NAME
eus eusx euscomp eusxview eusview \- EusLisp
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
eus [start-up-files]
euscomp [-V] [-O] [-O\fI0123\fR] filename ...
eusx
eusgl
eusmpi
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
EusLisp is an object-based implementation of CommonLisp with geometric
modeling facilities.
Eus is the basic and lightest euslisp.
Euscomp is the EusLisp compiler, which is symbolically linked to eus.
Each of eusx, eusxview and eusview has the window interface
with Xlib, xview toolkit, or sunview library respectively.


.SH FILES
Source programs should be stored under /usr/share/src/eus on a file-server.
For each installation on many machine architectures,
machine:/usr/local/eus should be provided.
Source programs can be referenced through symbolic links from this
directory.
The name of this installation directory is held in *eusdir* variable
in EusLisp and referenced by \fBload\fR.

.nf
*eusdir*/bin/	architecture (and OS) dependent executables
*eusdir*/lisp/c/	EusLisp kernel sources
*eusdir*/lisp/l/	EusLisp functions defined in EusLisp
*eusdir*/lisp/comp/	the compiler
*eusdir*/lisp/xwindow/	Xlib interface
*eusdir*/lisp/tool/	miscelaneous programs
*eusdir*/lib/clib/	library sources coded in C
*eusdir*/lib/llib/	library sources including geometric modeler
*eusdir*/lib/demo/	demonstration programs
*eusdir*/contrib/bench/	benchmark programs
*eusdir*/contrib/pprolog/	portable prolog
*eusdir*/contrib/ops5/	ops5 production system
*eusdir*/doc/	documents including reference manual in latex

.SH SEE ALSO
Object-Based Robot Programming System EusLisp, Reference Manual

.SH BUGS
Hid and hidd cannot draw lines for intersecting bodies.


